What's the global economy look like from
your lens right now?
I think it's I think the economic setup
is pretty constructive, especially in
the US.
Um, but broadly I think it's relatively
constructive. You've got a confluence of
lots of stimulative fiscal policy in
developed economies. You have a general
deregulatory
trend and tone,
um, you know, both in the US and Europe.
Um, particularly in the US after a very,
very difficult regulatory environment
under the Biden administration. I think
Trump administration is moving quickly
to rebalance regulatory burden, and I
think there's a desire in Europe to also
improve, you know, the regulatory
situation. That's quite stimulative.
Massive AI investment, infrastructure
investment around the world, which is
also quite stimulative. We've been in a
monetary easing cycle,
um, which also creates tailwinds, and we
have midterm elections coming up in the
US where you certainly could see,
you know, specific policy actions,
particularly around, you know,
affordability that also could be
stimulative in some way. So,
you know, economically things set up
nicely, but Well, I I wouldn't say but.
A little bit the same as last year.
There's a lot going on geopolitically.
There's a lot going on in the world, and
as that stuff plays out, it can lead to
speed bumps or,
um, you know, distractions. You know, we
saw one in April with the rollout of the
trade policy that kind of slowed the
economic momentum down. We then saw
pivot. We got through that.
Obviously, there's a lot of noise at the
moment when you talk geopolitics or you
talk kind of global economic order, and
people invest, people move forward when
they're confident. The noise sometimes
can sap confidence. I think at the
moment generally things look relatively
green, um, but that doesn't mean there
aren't issues that could pop up.
>> Well, you just came back from Davos and
the ruptures the transatlantic
relationship seems to be, um, frayed at
the edges if not at the core. How does
that disrupt what's been a long time,
um, alliance between the EU and the
United States? Well, I I I think the
word frayed,
um, is a much better word than ruptures.
I don't think there are ruptures.
>> I offered my words. Yeah, I I I I I I I
I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I
I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I There's a
lot of noise, and that noise frays
trust.
Um, you know, trust is built
over time. Trust in in important,
>> [sighs]
>> you know, relationships around the world
between nations is really built through
sacrifice over time, and you know, when
there is,
you know, when there's noise, it can
fray those relationships. I think the
fundamental relationships are still
strong, but I certainly in Davos sensed
the level of frustration around some of
the policy debate, um, but I, you know,
I think that stuff will get past.
Um, one of the things that I'm spending
a lot of time doing is thinking about
what's noise and what's the substantive
issue, um, and, uh, you know, I you
know, I I do think we're set in a place
where we actually can make progress on a
bunch of the substantive issues,
um, but we certainly have, you know, an
administration in the US that's shaken
things up, and that sometimes leads to,
you know, to fraying or concern or a
bunch of noise. How's your relationship
with the White House right now?
>> Our our relationship with the
administration, you know, is is is very,
very good. You know, one of the things
that I've said
publicly that I really appreciate, this
administration is open for business and
it's engaged with business. You know, in
the past administration we had trouble
engaging the administration. This
administration takes your calls. They'll
listen to your point of view. They may
not agree with everything. We push back,
you know, privately and tell them when
we don't agree, but they are open for
business and engaged in a very
constructive way, and I think that's the
way the system's supposed to work.
>> Not to dwell on it, but I'll just ask
one more question on that is like, I
mean, is it conducive to having, you
know, good policy and the relationships
when he's suing JP Morgan, uh, for, you
know, allegations of debanking. Uh, he's
sort of sidelined, uh, Brian Moynihan at
Bank of America. He called you out in
August for some things, uh, saying you
should go back to DJing and the like.
>> Well, I like DJing. Uh, you like
[laughter] DJing. I know he was hard on
Jan Hatzius, your chief economist, for
his take on tariffs back in August, but
Jan in his research is also sort of
changed his tune to saying the
pass-through on tariffs into the economy
has pretty much already peaked. Um,
has it taken a lot to regain the trust
of the White House?
>> I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I
I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I
I I I I I I I I I I I I I I
I think we have a relationship with the
with the administration that's a good
relationship. We like some of the things
they're doing.
When we don't like them, we voice our
opinion. They like things that we do.
When they don't like them, they voice
their opinion. Sometimes I wish it
wasn't in the media and the noise, but
that just goes with the territory. We're
focused on how do we grow? How does the
economy grow? How do we contribute to
helping the economy grow, to supporting
our clients who are investing in
America, investing in the global
economy, and trying to grow. And I would
say this administration is incredibly
constructive on that
on that stuff. And again, ignore the
noise, focus on the substance. We're
focused on the substance, and you were
just reiterating a bunch of noise.
>> [laughter]
>> Well, the Okay, let's talk about some of
the numbers that you had because in the
fourth quarter blowing past expectations
in equity trading revenue. What's the
market look like, uh, with a number of
big ticket IPOs coming, whether it's
SpaceX or others? Uh, what's the What's
your outlook for the IPO
>> The environment is The environment's
very constructive, you know, for our
business, particularly our banking and
markets business. You know, we
highlighted in our fourth quarter
earnings, our year-end earnings, that
our backlog, um, was again at a another,
uh, you know, significantly high level,
um, and it moved quite positively. I
think it's going to be a very
constructive year for M&A activity.
Could be one of the best years, if not
the best year ever, for M&A activity. I
think CEOs
feel unleashed to really invest, drive
growth in their businesses. It's a
better regulatory environment. They're
asking big questions about what the art
of the possible is. That's very
different from where we were four years
ago where the answer to any question was
no. Now the answer to any question is
yes, maybe, and so CEOs are looking
forward. That's a very, very
constructive environment for our
business. So, we expect a strong M&A
year globally. We expect a strong
capital markets year globally, and we
think the firm's very, very well
positioned to capitalize on it.
>> Two Two Fed cuts are you expecting, and
what about Fed independence? Are you
worried about that?
>> Jan's You know, Jan's You know, Jan's
position on that. I think a lot of that
will depend, you know, on the trajectory
of the economy. Um, you know, I think we
could see upside to both nominal and
real growth this year.
That would have an impact on whether or
not
the trajectory of monetary policy cuts
continued.
Um, 20% chance of recession, he said,
down from 30%. Do you see any risk of
You know, I'll let Jan be I'll let Jan
be the speculator, but a 20%, you know,
the base case for a recession is one out
of seven, okay, which is a little bit
lower than 20%. I think the chance of a
recession this year is low in the US,
and I don't think you'd see one unless
there was some exogenous event that
materially changed the current
sentiment. And I don't think that's, you
know, I don't think that's a likely a
likely, um, you know, likely outcome.
So, it's a pretty constructive
environment.
>> seeing a necessary broadening out of the
markets beyond Mag 7? And there's also
the risk, of course, of a potential
bubble. Well, you've seen You've seen a
big move in markets away from Mag 7. I
think there's been broader
participation. I think companies are
investing. I think there's a big view
that AI productivity is going to move
into the enterprise, and that creates
flexibility for a broader array of
companies to invest. And so, I think
there's a broader level of
participation, and things are set up
quite constructively for the next few
years. This AI productivity
gain in enterprise is a real thing. It's
going to take a while for that to be
implemented, but we're quite
constructive on that and the tailwinds
that that creates for economic growth
and for investment.
>> a good pivot to Hong Kong because the
stock market here, uh, regaining the IPO
crown, uh, last year and essentially on
the back of all these IPOs in the tech
sector. A lot of them really the big
gainers have been the the infrastructure
and the the not necessarily the
applications or the large language
models. They've been essentially the
hardware players, the chips and the
like. Do you see a sustainability of
this
you know, pipeline from China of AI? If
if the environment continues
to
be constructive the way it is now, yes,
I think it'll be a very good year for
IPOs over here, too. Um, I I think
there's a lot of pent-up capital markets
activity because we really, coming out
of the pandemic, we kind of shut down
capital markets for a period of time.
You got a more conducive regulatory
environment. You've got a good detente
in US-China with a constructive setup in
2024 for more constructive dialogue. I
think all that's conducive for more IPO
activity here in Hong Kong. And I think
you're going to see more IPO activity in
the US and in Europe. So, it's a it's a
pretty constructive setup. Now, of
course, if there was a big exogenous
event, it could slow it down, but I just
I don't think that's the base case, but
that doesn't mean we won't have some
speed bumps along the way this year. We
did in the last week get news of maybe
Beijing tightening some of the listing
requirements, uh, for companies here in
Hong Kong. There'd been a flood a rush
to the market, obviously. Maybe there's
some discrepancies on
whether it's CICC or some of the Chinese
banks and some of their underwriting
capabilities. How much of an opportunity
would this be as well? As the Chinese
banks have really upped their game in
the underwriting and investment banking
game here with with listings.
>> Well, I think it's very, very important
to have a vibrant, you know, long-term
successful capital market listing venue
here that you ensure the highest level
of standards. And so, you know, mistakes
in underwriting prospectuses not
acceptable. Um, you know, the standards
should be high. I think it's good that
the regulators are calling that out and
asking for a standard of excellence.
We're used to operating at that level of
standard all over the world. I think
there'd be few people that dispute
Goldman Sachs' position as the leading
one of the leading if not the leading
equity underwriter in the world over the
last 25 years. And we expect to
participate very actively in any market,
you know, that's vibrant. There's always
competition, but I I like when people
are advocating for the highest
standards. That builds confidence in IPO
markets and I think that's something
that's very important. I understand
you're heading up to Beijing tonight, I
believe. What's your agenda? What's your
top priority for the China market right
now? Clarity from the regulators, what?
>> My my top priority is to be there to
spend time with government officials,
spend time with our clients there. You
know, I move around the world and
everywhere I go, it's the same agenda.
Spending time with our clients, spending
time with with important, you know,
government partners, spending time with
our people. And so, you know, I'm back
up in Beijing for the next couple of
days to do those three things. No
different than what I did last week when
I was in Davos, no different than what
I'm doing here in Hong Kong, no
different than what I'll do when I'm
back in Washington later this week. You
know, that's that's that's kind of what
we do. Spend time with our clients,
spend time and engage with government
leaders, spend time with our people, and
make sure we're doing everything to
ensure constructive markets, strong
capital markets, strong M&A environment.
And right now, I think we've got a
constructive environment for all of
that.
>> What's your number one priority for the
China market? I mean, it's it's kind of
a two-speed economy, obviously
export-driven for now, domestic
economies troubled. Uh Asia market is
doing pretty well, though. Our our
number one goal for the China market is
the same as it's always been. We've got
a big base of clients there and we're
trying to position to help them achieve
their goals. Whether it be capital
raising, advice, consolidation,
strategy, you know, our job is to serve
our clients and that's always our number
one priority. You said you're always on
the plane, you're heading around the
world. Uh Qatar Investment Authority, uh
you have a new strengthened partnership
there, what, about $25 billion?
What does that say about the importance
of the Middle East when those Chinese
banks I just mentioned as well, they
just tripled their number of loans last
year to the Middle East, usually Saudi
Arabia and the UAE. How important and
how strategic would be
the place where you invest those funds?
Well, the the the
the partnership with the QIA is a
partnership to invest all over the world
based on our broad global asset
management platform. We also have
partnerships with clients in China and
partnerships with, you know, clients in
Singapore. We have partnerships with
clients all over the world. That
partnership is a very, very important
partnership and a significant
partnership and what the QIA sees is our
global footprint, our investing
expertise, and in particular, our very,
very unique sourcing capabilities to
ensure that they get exposure to the
most important and interesting
opportunities around the world. That's
what we do. That's kind of the strength
of our asset management franchise. And
so, you know, that's that's a part of
the growth in that business, which has
been an important key grower for Goldman
Sachs. Let's keep going around the
world. How about Japan? I mean, they had
the recent bond market volatility.
Obviously, there's some concern over the
fiscally uh assertive policies from
Takaiichi. What's your view right now
given the bond market turmoil? There's
no There's no question that, you know,
given the setup over the last 30 years,
there's bond market volatility in Japan.
Japan needs, you know, a more
outward-looking economy and more growth,
you know, to really get to a different
place than where it's been over the
course of the last three decades. But
we're actually quite excited because we
see pensions um and corporates in Japan,
you know, looking more outward. We see a
culture of risk-taking developing in
Japan that really hasn't exist for the
last three decades. And so, we're
optimistic that through our banking and
markets business and our asset
management business, there's management
management business, there's more that
we can do to help clients in Japan. And
so, I'm actually headed to Japan next
month Okay.
>> um again and uh you know, I actually
think there's very, very important
interesting opportunities to help our
clients there and partner with our
clients there. Globally, what are your
hiring plans? Do you have a kind of a
good map you can reveal to us where
where you think you need to hire more or
where you need to
>> always looking for great talent all over
the world. Um
you know, I think the trajectory of
talent growth for us in 2026 will be a
little bit slower, but, you know,
certainly as you look out five years
from now, the firm's always growing,
it's always looking for talent. And the
thing that really differentiates the
firm is extraordinary people. So, even
with the technology tools and AI, our
ability to attract, develop, and retain
extraordinary people is part of the
secret sauce of Goldman Sachs. That
doesn't change. I think Wall Street shed
about 10,600 jobs in combined, the big
banks uh last year. Does 2026 look like
that as well? I think that was the most
since 2016. I don't have a view on Wall
Street overall and its head count. You
know, I I understand our head count plan
um and, you know, all we've said
publicly is it's probably a little bit
more constrained in 2026 because we see
opportunities for efficiency and we're
trying to deploy those, but ultimately,
we've also said those efficiency
opportunities give us more of an
opportunity to invest in parts of our
business where we can scale growth and
some of that growth scales with
additional head count. You know, I point
to our wealth management business, which
scales with people all over the world.
>> Well, listen, let's end the interview
on a moonshot. Uh the prediction
markets, you mentioned that obviously in
the call. Very interested, you're
looking at this, you have teams looking
at it. What does a foray into the
prediction markets look like for Goldman
Sachs? Well, I mean, Goldman Sachs to
some degree is in prediction markets
because we operate derivative contracts.
>> Yeah, right. But but really pegging it
to real-life events, that kind of thing.
>> I I think there are interesting things
going on in the prediction markets that
would allow our clients the opportunity
to think about and hedge risks that are
inherent in their positioning. And I
think that's super interesting. So,
obviously, Goldman Sachs, given what we
do, given our position in derivative
markets, would be anxious to understand
that, partner with some of those
prediction markets, or develop
capabilities of our own that give our
clients access to that with depth and
liquidity that doesn't yet exist in
those markets. But if you could develop
depth and liquidity, you know, in those
markets, it allows, you know, very
interesting ways to hedge and think
about positions that people take.
>> Does a Does a partnership or a merger,
an acquisition happen this year? I I you
know, but nobody's talking about, you
know, merging or buying these
businesses. These are early-stage
things. Yep. And I think they're very,
very interesting for people that are
interested in market risks and how you
hedge different market exposures, but
it's an extension of stuff that's been
going on in the regulated financial
markets for a long time. And of course,
that's going to interest Goldman Sachs
and interest our clients.